I 4, which is related to the medication, DRG stands for diagnosis related groups. A lot of diagnosis group up to certain categories. So for instance, everything hard. Uh, groups up to like a cardiac diagnosis group, and then the national provider taxonomy helps us understand which, what sort of provider, uh, serviced the claims. So for instance, whether it was a primary care physician versus a cardiologist versus, um, Someone else. Okay, no, that makes sense. And then, so I guess my question would be to Sujitha and Abby, do we have pipelines built for this data and when do we refresh the data? Uh... These pipelines, um, to get the source data, they're running every, uh, I think we had a schedule, one pipeline. It's on LOV. Oh, one is running, a couple of them is earning every week. One is running monthly, I guess, math. I can check it and confirm. Yeah, no, I was just wondering that. I think that's the biggest thing with this data processing and product is having time, like, when does this data refresh when, because that's the, the main thing when we have a product like this, especially using member data from, you know, diagnosis procedures, it's, When's it last updated? So if we if we have that or if it's in some documentation, that's totally fine. I just want like that's something that comes up in our leadership and intake calls every week is the... Hey, why do these numbers mismatch or what's going, especially when we're using the TGs so that the person using the TEs for the model will know when the last update was. Sure, I can get those details to you, man. Checking in. Sounds good. All right, let's go to the explainability one. Right. So, the explainability module is a new framework that we are introducing with our product that didn't exist earlier. The idea behind that is to be able to explain what our 256 embeddings mean what kind of clinical concepts they encode. So that's our priority, which is having the dimension level explainability, and that's what we are definitely going to be releasing with our new Retrained product. Another interesting uh, Expansion of this would be having a member level explainability. Nobody's asking for it yet, but it could be a good expansion to be able to say, okay, for, Every single member, this is what their embeddings mean. Uh, we do need to spend some more time on the member level explainability, I think, because there's, uh, the risk for... balls, diagnosis, because it is a probabilistic models that we don't, We want to be accurate or at least tell, make sure that we are explaining it in a way that doesn't, that makes it clear that it is still a probabilistic model and we are not diagnosing anything. Um, but it could be like a good expansion for the explainability module. Okay, yeah, and how much more time would the the member level explainability? So it basically, Like for what use case would the member level explainability help out, I guess, what I'm saying? Because there's a lot of stuff where we don't Like, we're not going member by member when we're building a model. It's more the output of the model that would use the T's would need it. Exactly. Yeah. which is which is why um, We are kind of publicizing our dimension level 1st. If we are able to do member level explainability well, we could accelerate like new use cases like if a member has this particular embedding, then, uh, They are most similar to this other member who had this embedding in the past, and then we saw that they ended up, uh, being a high risk member. So being able to enable additional use cases that way, like more similarity based stratification. Okay, no, that makes sense. That makes sense. Okay, let's go over the production cadence because I do want to go over that as well. Yes, so the issue with, uh, that the current model that's already in productions has been facing is there are a lot of members, it's a lot of data to process. Um, and it's kind of run on all members every time. What we are proposing is doing a weekly incremental refresh. So what this would do is we could only run embeddings on those members who have had new claims come up in since the last time it was run, which was a week before, because most members don't have claims daily. So having the weekly incremental refresh would allow us to reduce our data of volume from like the full 15000000 to 4 or 5 million, which hopefully can accelerate the inference time. And then we also want to make sure that, um, Because claims are adjusted, adjudicated, et cetera. So that monthly full refresh would allow us to capture all of those changes. That the weekly incremental refresh magnus. Yeah, I think that's good. I think just as long as we have a cadence of we don't miss something, right? So I think that's the only thing because, like, we had an issue with that with the member table that, you know, right, it's updated on the 11th, if it's not updated and we run our model, we miss data. Um, so I think if we figure, and you guys have talked about that, so I'm on board with that because I think that'll decrease the cost and weekly spot, like weekly is good, right? It's not, so we're not doing this all monthly and then something drastically changes. Someone has a different client. Okay. And then let's go over the ad hoc support. Uh, right. So when we deploy this model and production, we will be scoring all members from the current date, uh, and future dates whenever the pipeline runs. Our data scientists also sometimes or most of the time they do need like historical data to build out their new models. So, for example, we just spoke with Cindy right before this call. So she is doing building this new model on cancer treatment side effects. So she wants to leverage historical embeddings from, I think, 2024 or 2025. Uh, using our product. So, for such cases, we need to be able to like support running, uh, the influence pipeline on historical time periods, so that, uh, New models can be trained. Yeah, how would you say, like, the methodology of this for the ad hoc support? Like, is it gonna change? The TE pro, like, well, one use case change the whole T product? Or is it a one off? Um, I think if we just generate backfills, like for instance, let's say Cindy needs it just for commercial, just for 2025. But if we kind of think ahead and just generate it for all lines of businesses for the entire year, then any other data scientist then coming up, uh, to us in the future. We can just point to them that point at the table that, okay, we've already generated it and you can just go ahead and use it rather than having to generate it every single. Time. Okay. Yeah, because this might not be, um, Cindy's only case there might be other data sentence, you know, Caps team that has the similar requests. Um, so we're gonna check with the, the, uh, captain, as, uh, as, uh, suggested, like, we're gonna check with the captain, like, which data sentence, or which use cases still have, uh, also have the similar requests, and, and we can, uh, tackle them like a batch, not, like, one by one. Okay. No, that makes total sense. All right, cool. So I think we got, is there anything from DE that we want to talk about on that? I think we got biggest things are pipelines, run schedule, And then, I don't even think it's anything from Google, right? Because we're going to use the same methodology we used before. Um, so it'll take a little longer, but not. There anything from a DE perspective that we need to go over or no? Yeah, I think from DE, just a sense of when we can kind of promise our users that the new model would be. But the new embeddings would be kind of ready for use in production, like when would the production pipeline be ready? Yeah, and another thing is the GPU. Are we still using the T4R for the DE pipeline we are able to access the L4, uh, stories. Did before. Um, so, sorry, Daniel, your question is, the GPU, which one to use for the, for the inference pipeline, yeah. Yeah, exactly. We need to explore that actually. So we would, uh, so what we are planning to do is like, uh, because of the volume, we need to distribute the inference into multiple, uh, GPUs, right? Like, you know, we won't get a bigger machine for inference. So we need to do a distributed effort on this one. Um, so uh, so we, yeah, so we will see what is available, what we can get, right? Based on that, we will decide, uh, That one down yet. Yeah. So we need to run this real quick and then see this, yeah. And although Eric's asked on, like, when will the production embeddings kind of be ready? Is there like a tentative date that your team has in mind? Maybe tomorrow we have a call, right? After we go through the code as well as the framework, we need to do one dry run, you know, before we commit a date, right? So we can get back to you early next week after we go to the whole thing. Yeah. Okay, sounds good. All right, so next, let's go over the expansion. So let's kind of do the same thing that we did for data processing. And this is more of a discussion of what we want to do. So at 205, we'll come back. Um, so this can be anything from like DE expansion, some of the LLM stuff, like where, what do we want to do to expand? Whether it's line of business, whether it's use cases, whether it's some other things, we can kind of talk about that. So at 205, we'll come back. Sounds good. Daniel, I'm just gonna list out the.. Oh yeah, for sure. Yes, yes. Yep. Um... Model set, I remember. And then one other idea I just had was, we can actually even go to men's team, because I'm sure they would have used his original model, so we can, like, ask them to use our model now. Oh, are they using, also using limitings? I don't know, I would think so because, I mean, he must have developed it for their team. Oh, maybe, yeah. Yeah, I think we can ask. Hey, about a minute and then we can discuss. Alright, cool. Yeah, so we can start. So with this one, I want to talk about, and this is more of a discussion is like, where, where do we feel like we need to expand once the product's done? Are there? Well, I like to call it discretionary and nondiscretionary, and so discretionary means, okay, where do we have to have this? Right? And then nondiscretionary is like, oh, this would be a nice to have, right? Um, so I can kind of, let's go to the top one. Daniel, so stap holder use case. Yeah, um, so put that and I are having, uh, a couple meetings with Argar's team who developed the provider member recommender system, what they are doing is, for each member, in the website interface, um, the system gonna recommend the members the most relevant providers. Uh, and uh, We're talking about the potential of using transumer embeddings to enrage, uh, Like 2 things that they are interested in. The 1st thing is to use the embeddings to help with their explainability. Where They want to explain to their users why a provider is recommended to a member. And they want to include the embeddings to further expand. Okay, um, based on the uh, uh, uh, predicted code of these members, why, why these providers is, um, kind of, Why the system made such recommendations, and the other use case is to directly improve their recommender system architecture, training, performance. Uh, so I think they prioritize the 1st explainability. So this is, um, and we think this is a great entry point. Uh, to kind of have a, a, uh, some initial progress with them, uh, to have them say, okay, the transforming embedding is useful, and then let's move to the next stage to use the embeddings to uh, enhance their model performance. Uh, and the other thing is, uh, Like the idea you'll share mad, uh, trying to promote the transforming embeddings in different platforms, right? In HCB, lunch and learn or in the AI governance, uh, model list, uh, to showcase, hey, not only use the generic models like the bird or llama, uh, we also have this transformer model, uh, to generate members, um, Profile representations. Yeah, so I did, I agree with the 1st part. The 2nd one, uh, I talked with Eric about it yesterday and we had a good discussion. So we don't want to go because like he doesn't know how much buy-in we're going to get from the AI governance team. Okay. And the biggest challenge there is one, they just approved the AI use case, so like they might have a model that they already have, or it might not be a model at all in general. And then the 2nd one is they they just own the list. So, like, we can partner with them on, hey, here's a list and here's what the models are. But what we want to do, and I would just put this in a note, is like slash we want to... We're gonna do a lunch and learn and then get internal buy-in. Right? So we'll do it for cabs. We'll have a nice like marketing presentation to basically show, hey, this is what we have now. It's for anyone in ANBC. So if your model has this type of data in it, you should use the transformer beddings, right? And so it's more of like a, hey, we built this product and then use it like SCOH where what teams come to us to give us the use case that they have and then the timing, right? Mm-hmm. So that's kind of where Erickson. I agree after looking through what model governance and AI governance has, it's not, it's going to be just as much work. for us to do it that way as it's going to be just to do it ourselves in ABC. So I'm okay with that. Okay, let's move to the next one. Yeah, the next one is Model Explanability. Uh, I think, um, apart from what Prince has discussion for the current, what we have for the explainability framework, we could also connect, uh, or apply or understand what types of clinical concepts or how those clinical concepts, those knowledge flows into the transformer model and how the model. uh learn to pick up those information. So it's an extension of the explainability, what we can do, to explain the model to the users. Um, and the next one is also kind of the same how to improve the model itself. So this tool can, uh, a sticker is more about the model enhancement, like we could have 512 dimensions instead of 256. Uh, have more, more dimension on the model gonna have uh, higher capacity of representing the member's profile and history. And we can also work on the data augmentations. So all of this is about how to improve the model performance. Okay, and and my question for this one is, When are we gonna do these updates? Are they going to be quarterly? Are they going to be monthly, yearly, like what a, because this, this is different than just like a rap model or just some regular model where it's like, hey, we can update this every other year. Do we have a cadence of when we know like, Because we've talked about it on the community SDOH and we never get time to do it. It's like, are we gonna, you know, is Q4 of every year of the time we do this? Like, have we talked about that yet or is that something we need to discuss? Yeah, I think we can discuss that. I don't have any preferences with the audio, how do you like it? Yeah, I think with this one, we need to be a little careful in how frequently we push updates because then we are kind of asking all of our downstream users to retrain their models and I don't know how frequently they would be ready to do that. So for instance, we are going to be working with Cindy now to build out her cancer model. And then we can tell her, okay, in 2 quarters, we are gonna have potentially a better representation. So you'll have to retrain your model then. So I'm thinking like once a year, updates, but we can have more discussions around that. Yeah. Um, okay, that makes sense. That's what kind of what I want, because like, The issue, the only issue that I have with this is we get overloaded with work. So we have to like plan it very far in advance and just like the community product, it's like, By this time, during this date. We have to like, right, so usually it's January, end of January every year. I know this, like, this year was later because of the, the data latency, but that we can just kind of walk through that. Um, in like a separate meeting. Okay, I want to go over Pritha's, like, your list here. And then, yeah, go over what we want to do and how we want to tackle this and then we can go to monetization and use. Yeah, so these 9 models are all owned by caps. So they are the most receptive right now to using our product. So this is like our easiest win slash lift, uh, keeping in mind whether they, uh, have the capacity themselves to... migrate to new embeddings, but there's probably more, more than 9 models, but that's just what I had off the top of my head. Yeah, and I think, like, what I'd like to do, Brittha, and maybe you can own this is like, let's have a lid. I was talking with Daniel about this yesterday. It's like, let's have a list that we can kind of up and say, hey, here's all the models that we know about. Here are the high impact models, right? And then what? the timing and when we're going to be in so that we can say, hey, you know, like how we've done it in the past with other products is, hey, this year we're going to knock out 3 of these, or like in Q1, Q2, We going to knock out this many. And that kind of helps us keep track. Yeah, and I think eWay might have that list map because I think for cats, she owns the model registry, sort of. Yeah. Yeah. So we can we can do that. That's fine. Okay, cool. So monetization and use. This is for our DE team too. So at 220 and then we'll have 10 minutes to talk about it. I want to talk about, you know, how we're gonna open this to users, how we're gonna get new teams to use it. Like any, is it just a data set that's in Nexus? Is there going to be anything else? Um, I didn't think about that because I want to give an update on what Eric talked about too. So at... Yeah. Um, before that, do we also want to discuss like a potential sub-product, which is social determinants of health and weddings? Yeah, we talk about that, and then I can just go over the monetization piece. We don't have to put stuff down for it. Yeah, let's talk about STOH. Yeah, so we do have a lot of SDOH products and we could potentially come up with an embedding model, which would generate like more social embeddings rather than clinical that we have now. This work is has not started at all yet. So we need to like plan from Scratch if we want to do this this year. Do we have a user slash use case for it? So, Matt, uh, um, I think what Pizza and I are discussing is very similar to what we have discussed in the, uh, STOHPSS. That is where we want to unify, um, all of the features and come up with a unifying interface of the, uh, estoage embeddings or a, um, estoage factors for the users. Hey, say like you don't have, um, you don't have to grab features from different tables. They try to send or kind of individual SUH. You are just grab features from this embedding table and you can use that for either modeling or campaign. So I think this is, uh, right, alignment here, and I believe this kind of worth a, one hour PSS or something, and to discuss this deeply, because, um, as far as I can see, if we want to have a stewage in beddings, we wouldn't be able to use the transformer. Um, because the members may not have us, uh, the, the, the, consistently frequent, as to reporting as the claims, a member may have, for example, uh, for the transportation, uh, events in the HRSN table, uh, over 88% of the members has only 2 to 5 events in the past one year. But for the current transformer, we are using the members, um, the past 200 days, claim events. So they're a huge difference on the data distribution on the frequency of the reporting. We probably need to have a deeper discussion on how to do that. So it can still be an embedding model. It'll just not be a transformer. Yeah. Yeah, I think I think that's okay. I think that'll also help with some of the explainability on our SUH risks, right? Which could be a good thing. Um, So yeah, I think this, it's just like when, what I need from you guys is when we can do, it's like what, Because the, like the priority is getting the transformer embedding done and then getting people to use it, but really once it's done, it's not like you guys are kind of tweaking with it until later in the year, right? Yeah. Okay. No, that's good. All right, um, so the last 12 minutes, I want to talk, I know Moopu's, Abby and Sujito are here. So, Eric had a good comment. Yesterday. It's, Gonna be interesting. Um, so there's this big discussion between leadership and maybe you've heard this move through, but like monetization of our data products, right? So how how do we have a data product that teams use, but they basically use it for free? right? And then the issue is, is that we don't get credit for that. So there's a gazillion examples. Um, sorry. There's like a gazillion examples of, hey, we're using this data. Our team is a cost center. How do we take our data products from? So like Eric's thought was instead of putting it in Nexus, like we can definitely put it in Nexus. Can we create an API for this product that's kind of like the Mediomatics API where it's a team comes in and says, hey, I'm building a new model for this. I want to use your data. It's anything specific, like, where, you know, Daniel Pertha, Joss, you guys will have to add to it. Right? Is it like a, basically like a data vendor cost? And I know we haven't done anything like that. But that, that's kind of the idea of that Eric floated across yesterday and same, same with SOH product. So, Can we make it where it's an API and they say, Hey, I want to use X number of features or like I don't want to use the full product. I have the specific use case. Is there a way to monetize that? And it kind of goes back to the thing we talked about, Daniel, with AI governance is where, like, how do we get more people to use it? But then what happens and this happened with SCOH is all these different teams use it and then you see like the value that they bring in later. It's like, hey, we use our data. And we're not real, and I know we've gotten better at logging and seeing who has access, but Eric was brought up a good point about, hey, is there a possibility to monetize this as like an API that teams can just use kind of like cold start, but you'd say, hey, it's gonna cost you X, right? To do that. And then like, then then that pays for Pritha, Daniel, and move through your DE teams, any new work that we have. Yeah, one of the, um, example I can think about is some teams may need uh, some member matching. And on top of the data, we could also provide a something like a dashboard or API that help the users or stakeholders to find out, give a member what would be the most similar members to this member, and then they can generate any insights or plan the next action. About that. Yeah, and I think, because, like, right, some teams are going to use this where it's, I don't want to have the whole product. I just want these. quote unquote features are decent beddings. And so it's like it'd be a way to say, hey, give me, I want these embeddings based off of this type of model, right, that I want to run. So it's just kind of a way to, so this isn't like a, hey, we're going to do this. It's just, thoughts around this and this is the perfect time to bring it up. Okay. So the only thing with the AK, I know I know the context, what you're saying, Matt, I think the only thing with the APA is the consumer also need to write a code and consume it, right? Right now it is just a matter of, you know, putting a ticket or adding themselves to AD group and then they see it. So they're like a, like a business or somebody, this, the 2nd one is pretty easy. APA means they will have to, like, like we do the mathematics data collection, right, every day? Some something like that is needed. So slight difficulty in consuming it, they have to be ready for that. Um, that's one thing. And the 2nd one we can always think about how to, you know, even if they add by AD group or something, how can we, based on the usage, how do we charge it, right? Something like that, right? So, uh, Yeah, yeah, I think it's just something we can think about, right? is because it's like, If you want to use the Transformer embeddings and then the explainability, it's like you just to get added to the 80 group. a piece where we charge a cost center and then we should be good. Yeah. Okay, cool. Um, that's really, that's really it. That's what I have. So what I want to do, out of this is, like, you guys have access to this next week. I know it's not much time, but like next week on Tuesday, I want to go over these boards in the team meeting. And so what I just want is we can, and I'm going through all of them and Eric's, Eric has access to them too. And so what I want to do is just like, we can make a summary of all these of the next steps and then we can act on them. So like, for example, the expansion, it would be, right, get list of models for caps. get timelines of when we're gonna update them, um, for the data processing and whatnot. It's like, let's come up with a, a roadmap of, you know, when we're gonna process the data. Is it weekly? Is it monthly, et cetera? And then expansion. I think the expansion one Move through it might be worth sitting down with like Mahesh and Eric and Fred. To say, hey, we want to do this. Like, what's the best way that we can do this? Because, like, for example, CRD, CDR, right? It's to even use their data, you have to give them an ITP, and that's how they've been so successful as a data product. Mm, mm, mm. And and that's what I want to turn our product into is to say, hey, if we're going to do any work or any of these use cases, we have to not wait until the evaluation's done. We have to start saying like, hey, you know, this is within eight teams. We have these ITPRs to look into, et cetera. Um, it's gonna be weird because it's because it's a, uh, sorry, something funny just happened. Uh, Because, uh, like, That's what I got to figure out with Mahesh and Fred and Eric is, we're technically not like, we have resources that are paid to do this work, right? But we are not bringing in value. Like, we're bringing in value, but it's realized later, and then sometimes we don't even realize it because it's so far downstream because we're technically not the team doing the work with the model and the model output, right? So I want to have that discussion where it's like, hey, is this even feasible or is this counterintuitive to charge your own counterparts, right? Or it's like, or or it would be, hey, we have like the other way to do it would be, hey, it's in this many models, like CDR does this and these are the ITPRs that they, because I don't, I don't know how that model works per se, because it's kind of odd, like when they need an ITPR, it seems like they're getting someone new, but really they're not. They're already funded people, right? So it's like, how does that work? Like, does that just go to their cost center to say, hey, we brought in X amount of dollars for this? Um, that's kind of where I'm at with this whole thing. So I just want, I think it'd be good to have a separate conversation because we got to do it for STOH too. Yeah, I think generally these use cases, like, for example, inside steam, right? Inside stable, need on, you know, definitely we don't pay them anything, but it, it, you know, it strengthens their position in the company, right? As a product. Okay, this table is being used to buy these many teams. So they use case-wise, they, you know, they become stronger, right? CDI is slightly different use case. But most of the products are like that, but I meant to see the revenue revenue generating, you know, structure yet, right? But let me, yeah, let me also explore, ask... Yeah, until that, okay? Sounds good. All right, so I think we got pretty good next step. It doesn't have to be like a full timeline, right? Like I'm not saying, hey, get this done in 2 days. It's just like what we need to do. Yeah, like more action items. Yeah. Yeah, just action items, right? So minimal work, not too much. I don't want to go crazy with these. It just a have something in one spot because we have the problem solution impact slides, which are good. And then Eric was like, hey, I want to see what we have and we can we can keep what the plan is to keep these boards up for the year. And then as we add new things to them, like if we get a new theme or if there's different, like, you guys can go in and add these. So, like, I did it for, um, Like Omar, you saw this one. So for SDOH, right? We did the same thing. where we went through kind of like what applications were in, models and ongoing work, major methodology questions. And then it's like, okay, what products are we in? And then lines of business, right? So that these were the action items taken after this, so we can keep these up if you get, it just, it just helps. We got a lot of stuff going on with a lot of different directions, a lot of lines of business. So it's nice to, as we have ideas and bring it up, and then what we can do is, once a quarter come back to this and say, like, yep, we can delete this one, that's not happening. Like, I know we have roadmaps and things that do that, but I like this a little bit better because you can move it around and change it pretty easy. All good, but thanks, everyone. This was pretty good. And then we can talk on Tuesday if you guys want to continue to do these like once a quarter, if this is how or if there's another way we can do it. So appreciate the work. Thank you Thank you. Thanks, everyone. Bye. Stop it.